I really never Knew how well you bleated till to - day - though I always thought it delightful - but out on the moors , when I was thinking of nothing , a lamb bleated close by and I started and turned half round - expecting to see you . I 've had such a lovely walk - I can walk a little , yet , I find : and wo n't Rosie and I have rambles ! - If she had but been with me to - day ; - it was shower and sunshine alternately and all the ferns glistening and gleaming and shaking in the wind ; and I got from ridge to ridge of hill - and up , and down , and up higher again - till I had gone a round of about eight to nine miles , over two considerable hills - the last being the top of Cawsey Pike which mamma knows well - and which I came down the front of , straight to Keswick - doing the whole in four hours and ten minutes which over soft moss and rough rocks , mostly against wind up the hill , and including an ascent of 2500 feet , is not bad walking for an invalid . The view from Cawsey Pike pleased me more than it did thirty!twenty years ago - and there are the same crags and apparently the same moss - nothing so changeless as those strange grey mountain tops - not a lichen - seemingly - more , or less , in thirty years . Then I dressed , and ate a great big , pig dinner - and made these piggie - verses on it . " If itie pigs are not at ease , In dining upon duck and pease , Replete ( the Duck ) with savoury seas - Owing , and fragrant from a squeeze of Lemon , ( fruit of golden trees in Islands of Hesperides - Not that , in specifying these , I mean to omit a slice of cheese Decayed in delicate degrees , By wise delays of gourmandise - Then itie pigs - we had to please . " ( Friday morning . I think , for the fourth couplet we had netter read this - Not that I mean , in mentioning these , A supercilious view of cheese & c. Then I sate looking out at the window at the swans on the lake - then - apropos at ducks and lemons , I thought of oranges - and wrote to George - tell mama - and told him " we had'nt got no oranges " . Then I had a pig - tea - and looked out of the window at an American couple who had set themselves exactly at the crossing of the garden walks Then I thought I would tell you all about it and so I 've written this , and now I 'm going to bed . ( 558 ) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ( That s notes of " admiration " ( literally ) , in perspective . Friday Morning . 26th July . ( 557 ) I had you nice letter from Denmark Hill and am very happy about all . Nice line from Kate , too .