You have put quite a new pleasure for me into hearing the sheep bleat on the hills - every now and then it puts me so completely in mind of the dear little pitiful ones , bleats at home ending with the comfortable short one!. - I had a fine long day yesterday - about fourteen to fifteen miles - over three high summits - two of them , each 2700 ft - though I had only to go down 500 between them but the long sweeps of moorland which a 500 descent and re - climb mean in Cumberland , take walking . But the day was delicious , and the hill tops all in perfect peace . Downes had enough of it by one o'clock - ( it was rather hot - I must say ) - so I left him and Crawley to take care of each other and got home to my own dinner at five , in much disposition for it . ( Itie pigs had salmon and shoulder of lamb . ) and for tea afterwards : ( itie pigs had muffins ) On the ridge between the two lasts summits , I met two gentlmen - ( In these lovely places one generally without introduction says somthing ) - The first was very hansome and I thought he would be nice too - so I capped him - and congratulated him on his choice of route - " Do nt you know me ? " - said he - laughing - No , I did n't - " My name 's " Brayshay" There could really have met me no one whom I should have been happier to see . He and his friend - an old tutor - are coming to breakfast this morning - but they go away to day . They 've had a good breakfast - and I a bad one - for I ca n't eat when I 've people to look after . but itie pigs can make up some other time - They were very nice - both . I 've just got your nice long yesterdays letter - I 'm very glad to hear so pleasantly of Janie - my love to her . it was a sadly disappointing expediton that - finding everybody somewhere else - and Battersea bridge does'nt sound cheerful to me . I do wish I had you both at Saddleback . But you would like horseback better - I fancy Send me a nice long letter tomorrow - as I ca n't have one the day after . - I do n't return the scraps of letters - I was glad to see them , but I suppose you do n't care for them back . I 'll write to Mrs. Hilliard and Connie some day soon now - but I do n't write to anybody but my wee piggie - generally . I have'nt had so bad a breakfast after all ! - When my friends left the coast clear , I set to work and made the most of my time till the waiter came in , and I was obliged to stop . On which I composed the following moral couplets . " when itie pigs , too sharply set , Have taken all that they can get , ( And had , besides , enough . before , ) The itie pigs - should take no more . " ( Half an hour later - ) Somehow - I do n't feel as if I 'd had any breakfast - after all . + Aprops of Mrs Hillards letter , which I do re - enclose , I found this story in a history of Cumberland . " Among the latest speciments of the old wild race of forest men were the brothers Dodgson - who were so intent on thier woodcutting that they devoted Sunday to cooking for the whole week . When they were growing old , they found the need of some domestic help and comfort - and at last , the one relieved his mind to the other saying " Thou mun out , an tait a wife " " Aye : " said the brother - " if the be a hard job , thou ollers sets one you tulk . " However he obeyed , and there was soon a wife to cook and children helping with the faggots