Low - wood was too noisy and fashionable - ( Manchester fashion ) for me . So I drove over here yesterday and got a lovely little corner - parlour in , I believe , your old Inn - though I am confused about it , the view seeming to me so much more beautiful than it did then . But the change in myself and in all things connected with me : is so great , and so sorrowful to me , that I can hardly bear the places . It is very different , having you laid up at home , and my father dead - myself old and ill , from running about the hills , with both of you expecting me home to tea , and I myself as lithe as a stag . I would give anything to be back at home at work with my minerals : But I have no doubt the fresh air and exercise are , not only good for me , but vitally necessary just now - so I must endure my rest and libery with patience . I had a pleasant row across the lake last night , and it is all very lovely . I went up and examined Mr. Richmonds estate before dinner , the father and son ( of the farm ) , showing me everything with great courtesy and niceness It is very beautiful - but the railroad station , not a mile distant is a fatal eyesore - if Mr. Richmosnd builds the house at all for me my princpile study - room must be at the back , looking up to the rocks and wild - roses , ( very lovely both , just now ) and only the company - room looking to the great view - a very noble one , but for the railroad and having the advantage of endless stufy of magnificent sunset . I am much struck by the fiery purity and power of the northern skys - last night was more like an Aurora BorealisMETEROLOGYBIO than mere sunset the fire seemed in the clouds and there is hardly any night . It is twilight till eleven and clear dawn at two - ( as I know - to my discomfort ) when sleepless I hope to reach Huntly burn about 5 o'clock to - day . I leave this note behind me here to be sure of post . I will send you an envelope from Huntly burn - I ca n't to - day because I do n't know if I shall choose to stay longer that a day there ( they ask me ) it depends so much on thier ways .